[hook]
home maka cookie baka i need a woman that can shake and baka
quarta key down to a oz down to a 22 a motha fukin stoned g
home maka cookie baka i need a woman that can shake and baka
l-b down to a k-p down to a oz down to swish a swish

to all my ladies in the world all my fishes in the sea to all my nigas who got 
them gurls that are stuck on currency i do not know whut it feels like to let 
em take all yo paper cuz i ever did i b a captain saver.let me show u how i 
take a one head to know a paper let the gurl b done didnt even show a paer shes 
a home maka baken cookie baka makin crunk luv while we watchin rickie laka not 
a heart braka but a body stumulata one that ease yo mind the time we smokin a 
pint we joke we let it go we loose control smoke this dope while we kick and 
if you were stuck up hoe then bitch u better get wit it.several times severl 
nights but you make my money rise all my fo's you despsie and you got me 
hipnotized but im not gone on dope im stuck on curva c that woman cursin me i 
like them certain things i wana..

[hook]
[spm]
when i saw you in the club gurl lookin so fine i knew i had to get closer to 
bump and grind then i whispered in yo ear are you busy right nowu sed no slim 
yo keys and said come on down so i could see you shake that ass gurl make it 
bounce as i stack all my cash we be blowin an ounce so lets keep it a secret 
keep it under the cover.dont tell a single soul not even yo motha.see all thse 
chulas in my city comin through real , g string panties and shiney white 
grills, mini skirts see through shirts hey look so cold it hurts end up in 
pearl done the hurt as they run up in hurst as i swang and i swerve i check 
hoes like a curve geeting head sippin syrup pussy peblo and herb.gurl do whut 
you do and let me get you soaked as you ride, caress, suck and stroke

[hook]

she better be down the ride and i get high like fo me. sell dope like lottery 
from powdery to powderey. do you see whut i see on the count of 1-2-3. she 
jump on the count of 2 and beat me to the g .i got a thug that holla whut we 
butt in the club shakin butt while im on stage showin me luv she seems to be 
the one that momma warned me bout. do you know how  do it down south. gang 
bangas set of trippa, paraken flippa, wood grain clippa, pre methodain zippa 
clippa-----bitch run the lippa and if she go to battle she be sinkin yo shippa 
dont trip cuz. cuz she flips dub.baby give me no and catch a quick buzz.dont 
trip cuz cuz she flips dub.baby give me no and catch a quick buz a quick buzz