Gimme all the rhythm and blues niggas then rock the shots of liquor they
make me cum quicker rub between your belly like jelly R.Kelly you think
you ballin but your body's callin free fallin all in fuck the bumpin and
grindin have you jumpin and whinin while I'm climbin i be doin groups
like Troup body rockin H-Town or Horace Brown watch out now Baby face
can pay da rent and cook me five meals what the deal on that Prince cat
he be lookin kind of fruity but he can still eat the booty Brian
McKnights tight Joe is lookin kinda slow and oh what about D'Angelo I
want some of that brown sugar and what watch this rap bitch bust all
over ya nuts like

[Chorus:]  Dreams, dreams, dreams of fucking an R & B dick dreams of
fucking and R&B dick Dreams, dreams, dreams of fuckin and R&B dick

I fuck mike sta flyway fuck dem LaDae cats and one on dem resemble Craig
Mack I need a New Edition I need some Men of Vision pussy eatin position
to go to shower pissin I made my Intro getting fucked in the Pinto now
Im skin deep in da Lexus Jeep peep da Queen sista if I would fuck wit
Mista they'd be lickin blackberry molasses out my asses Jason who da
fuck time ya wastin I got no patience for little dick tastin I'd rather
go Solo so I can get some Heaven and be the fuck out After Seven All for
One and One for All I swear to God I'd never fuck with none of yall and
if ya Immature than Im out the door I'm on fire gettin head by the
Harlem Boys Choir.

[Repeat Chorus]

I couldn't find a mall with Kenny Lattimore Montell Jordan ain't scorin
Tevin Campbell niggas like to shamble make him an example with this
pussy sample her we go you didn't know Joe was my hoe Tony Rich my bitch
I got the 112 nuts to bust so just open wide and when Im done give me a
high five.

[Repeat Chorus]

You can touch me and tease me as if my name was Case We got to drink a
pace for me to participate don't playa hate you didn't school with me Im
icin Bryson that dude down with Groove Theory

[Repeat chorus til fades]